As difficult as this is to accept,
Captain America is a fugitive
from S.H.I.E.L.D.
Sir...
we found him.
He's at 21st and F.
A-team approaching target.
Go!
- Everybody on the floor!
- Everybody on the floor.
Show me your hands!
Show them now!
Everybody get down on the ground
and show me your hands now!
Where is Tony Stark?
Stark secure server.
Retinal scan verified.
Pepper, it's me.
I've got a lot of apologies to make
and not a lot of time.
So... first off, I'm so sorry
I put you in harm's way.
That was selfish and stupid
and it won't happen again.
Also, it's Christmastime
and the rabbit's too big.
Done. Sorry.
And I'm sorry in advance
because I can't come home yet.
I need to find this guy.
You gotta stay safe, that's all I know.
I just stole a poncho
from a wooden Indian.
Let's get you comfy.
You happy now?
Freeze!
Don't move.
You got me.
Nice potato gun.
Barrel's a little long.
Between that and the wide gauge
it's gonna diminish your FPS.
And now you're out of ammo.
What's that thing on your chest?
It's an electromagnet.
You should know,
you got a box of them right here.
What does it power?
Oh, my God.
That...
That's...
Is that Iron Man?
Technically, I am.
Technically, you're dead.
Valid point.
What happened to him?
Life.
I built him. I take care of him.
I'll fix him.
Like a mechanic?
Yeah.
Hmm.
If I was building
Iron Man and War Machine...
It's "Iron Patriot" now.
That's way cooler.
No, it's not.
Anyways, I would have added in,
um, the retro...
- Retro-reflective panels?
- To make him stealth mode.
- You want a stealth mode?
- Cool, right?
That's actually a good idea.
Maybe I'll build one.
- Not a good idea.
- Oops.
What are you doing?
You're gonna break his finger?
He's in pain.
He's been injured. Leave him alone.
Sorry.
Are you?
Don't worry about it, I'll fix it.
So, uh, who's home?
Well, my mom already left for the diner
and Dad went to 7-11 to get scratchers.
I guess he won,
because that was six years ago.
Hmm.
Which happens. Dads leave.
No need to be a pussy about it.
Here's what I need.
A laptop, a digital watch,
a cell phone,
the pneumatic actuator from
your bazooka over there,
a map of town, a big spring
and a tuna fish sandwich.
What's in it for me?
- Salvation. What's his name?
- Who?
The kid that bullies you at school.
What's his name?
How'd you know that?
I got just the thing.
This is a piñata for a cricket.
I'm kidding.
This is a very powerful weapon.
Point it away from your face,
press the button on top,
it discourages bullying.
Non-lethal, just to cover one's ass.
Deal?
Deal? What do you say?
- Deal.
- Deal?
What's your name?
Harley. And you're...
The mechanic.
Tony.
You know what keeps
going through my head?
"Where's my sandwich?"
First rule of going on the run
is don't run, walk.
If I run in these shoes,
they're gonna fall off.
The drive has a Level Six homing program,
so as soon as we boot up
S.H.I.E.L.D. will know
exactly where we are.
How much time will we have?
About nine minutes from
now.
Fury was right about that ship.
Somebody's trying to hide something.
This drive is protected
by some sort of AI.
It keeps rewriting itself
to counter my commands.
Can you override it?
The person who developed this
is slightly smarter than me.
Slightly.
I'm gonna try running a tracer.
This is a program that
S.H.I.E.L.D. developed
to track hostile malware,
so if we can't read the file,
maybe we can find out
where it came from.
Can I help you guys with anything?
No. My fiancé was just helping me
with some honeymoon destinations.
Right. We're getting married.
Congratulations.
Where are you guys thinking about going?
New Jersey.
I have the exact same glasses.
Wow, you two are practically twins.
Yeah, I wish.
Specimen.
If you guys need anything,
I've been Aaron.
Thank you.
- You said nine minutes. Come on.
- Relax.
Got it.
You know it?
I used to. Let's go.
Standard tac team.
Two behind, two across,
and two coming straight at us.
If they make us, I'll engage,
you hit the south escalator to the metro.
Shut up and put your arm around me.
Laugh at something I said.
- What?
- Do it.
Negative at the source.
Give me a floor rundown.
Negative on three.
Negative on two.
Snake the upper levels.
Work down to me.
- Kiss me.
- What?
Public displays of affection make
people very uncomfortable.
Yes, they do.
You still uncomfortable?
It's not exactly the word I would use.
Where did Captain America
learn how to steal a car?
Nazi Germany.
And we're borrowing.
Take your feet off the dash.
All right, I have a question for you,
which you do not have to answer.
I feel like, if you don't answer it though,
- you're kind of answering it, you know.
- What?
Was that your first kiss since 1945?
- That bad, huh?
- I didn't say that.
Well, it kind of sounds like
that's what you're saying.
No, I didn't.
I just wondered how much
practice you've had.
- You don't need practice.
- Everybody needs practice.
It was not my first kiss since 1945.
I'm 95, I'm not dead.
Nobody special, though?
Believe it or not, it's kind of hard
to find someone with shared
life experience.
Well, that's all right.
You just make something up.
- What, like you?
- I don't know.
The truth is a matter of circumstance.
It's not all things to all people,
all the time.
Neither am I.
That's a tough way to live.
It's a good way not to die, though.
You know, it's kind of hard
to trust someone,
when you don't know
who that someone really is.
Yeah.
Who do you want me to be?
How about a friend?
Well, there's a chance you might be
in the wrong business, Rogers.
This is it.
The file came from these coordinates.
So did I.
Acting as caretakers to these
scoundrels is beneath us.
Oh, please! If they were beneath you,
my rotund friend, they'd all be dead.
- Keep in line!
- Move it!
Odin continues
to bring me new friends.
How thoughtful.
The books I sent,
do they not interest you?
Is that how I am to while away eternity?
Reading?
I've done everything in my power
to make you comfortable, Loki.
Have you?
Does Odin share your concern?
Does Thor?
It must be so inconvenient,
them asking after me day and night.
You know full well it was your actions
that brought you here.
My actions?
I was merely giving truth to the lie
that I had been fed my entire life...
That I was born to be a king.
A king?
A true king admits his faults.
What of the lives you took on Earth?
A mere handful
compared to the number
that Odin has taken himself.
- Your father...
- He's not my father!
Then am I not your mother?
You're not.
You're always so perceptive
about everyone but yourself.
When you came for me,
you knew I was in trouble.
Heimdall had lost sight of you.
You were no longer on Earth.
How is that possible?
I believe you were and you weren't.
The Nine Realms travel within Yggdrasil
orbiting Midgard much the way
your planets orbit the sun.
And every 5,000 years,
the worlds align perfectly
and we call this the Convergence.
During this time, the borders
between worlds become blurred.
It's possible you found
one of these points.
We are lucky that it remained open.
Once the worlds pass out of alignment
then the connection is lost.
I like the way you explain things.
What's going to happen to me?
I'll find a way to save you, Jane.
- Your father said there was...
- My father doesn't know everything.
Don't let him hear you say that.
Jane Foster...
Please meet Frigga,
Queen of Asgard, and my mother.
Hi.
This camp is where I was trained.
Change much?
A little.
Pick up the pace, ladies!
Let's go! Let's go!
Double time!
Come on, Rogers, move it!
Come on, fall in!
Rogers!
I said fall in!
This is a dead end.
Zero heat signatures,
zero waves, not even radio.
Whoever wrote the file must have
used a router to throw people off.
What is it?
Army regulations forbid storing munitions
within 500 yards of the barracks.
This building is in the wrong place.
This is S.H.I.E.L.D.
Maybe where it started.
Nick Fury was murdered in cold blood.
To any reasonable person,
that would make him a martyr,
not a traitor.
You know what makes him a traitor?
Hiring a mercenary
to hijack his own ship.
Nick Fury used your friendship
to coerce this Council into
delaying Project Insight.
A project he knew would expose
his own illegal operations.
At best, he lied to you. At worst...
Are you calling for my resignation?
I've got a pen and paper right here.
That discussion can be
tabled for a later time.
But you do want to have a discussion?
We've already had it, Mr. Secretary.
This Council moves to immediately
reactivate Project Insight.
If you want to say something snappy,
now would be a good time.
The sandwich was fair,
the spring was a little rusty,
the rest of the materials, I'll make do.
By the way,
when you said your sister had a watch...
- Yeah?
- ...I was kind of hoping
for something a little more
adult than that.
She's six.
Anyway, it's a limited edition.
When can we talk about New York?
Maybe never.
Relax about it.
What about the Avengers?
Can we talk about them?
I dunno. Later.
Hey, kid, give me a little space.
What's the official story here?
What happened?
I guess this guy named
Chad Davis used to live roundabouts.
He won a bunch of medals in the army.
And one day, folks said he went crazy
and made, you know, a bomb.
Then he blew himself up, right here.
- Six people died, right?
- Yeah.
- Including Chad Davis.
- Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. That doesn't make sense.
Think about it.
Six dead. Only five shadows.
Yeah.
People said these shadows are
like the marks of souls going to heaven.
Except the bomb guy.
He went to hell,
on account of he didn't get a shadow.
That's why there's only five.
- Do you buy that?
- It's what everyone says.
You know what
this crater reminds me of?
No idea. I'm not...
I don't care.
That giant Wormhole in,
um, in New York.
Does it remind you?
That's manipulative.
I don't want to talk about it.
Are they coming back? The aliens?
Maybe. Can you stop?
Remember what I told you,
that I have an anxiety issue?
Does this subject make you edgy?
Yeah, a little bit. Can I just catch
my breath for a second?
Are there bad guys in Rose Hill?
Do you need a plastic bag
to breathe into?
- Do you have medication?
- No.
- Do you need to be on it?
- Probably.
- Do you have PTSD?
- I don't think so.
Are you going completely mental?
I can stop. Do you want me to stop?
Remember when I said
to stop doing that?
I swear that you're gonna freak me out.
Ah, man, you did it,
didn't you? You happy now?
What did I say?
Hey! Wait up!
Wait, wait.
What the hell was that?
Your fault.
You spazzed me out.
- Okay, back to business.
- Where were we?
The guy who died.
Relatives? Mom?
Mrs Davis, where is she?
Where she always is.
See? Now, you're being helpful.
Move!
To the dungeons!
Come on!
You might want to take
the stairs to the left.
The prisons.
- Loki...
- Go.
I will look after her.
It's as if they resent
being imprisoned!
There's no pleasing some creatures.
Return to your cells,
no further harm will come to you.
You have my word.
Very well, you do not have my word.
Send a squadron to the weapons vault.
Defend it at all costs.
Secure the dungeon.
- Odin.
- Frigga.
Go!
It's a skirmish.
You take care.
Despite all I have survived,
my queen still worries over me.
It's only because I worry over you
that you have survived.
Listen to me now.
I need you to do everything I ask,
no questions.
Yes, ma'am.
And there's Stark's father.
Howard.
Who's the girl?
If you're already working
in a secret office,
why do you need to hide the elevator?
This can't be the data point.
This technology is ancient.
Y-E-S spells yes.
Shall we play a game?
- It's from a movie that was really...
- I know, I saw it.
Rogers, Steven,
born 1918.
Romanoff, Natalia Alianovna,
born 1984.
It's some kind of recording.
I am not a recording, Fräulein.
I may not be the man I was
when the Captain took me
prisoner in 1945.
But I am.
You know this thing?
Arnim Zola was a German scientist
who worked for the Red Skull.
He's been dead for years.
First correction, I am Swiss.
Second, look around you.
I have never been more alive.
In 1972, I received a terminal diagnosis.
Science could not save my body.
My mind, however, that was worth saving,
on 200, 000 feet of databanks.
You are standing in my brain.
- How did you get here?
- Invited.
It was Operation Paperclip
after World War II.
S.H.I.E.L.D. recruited German
scientists with strategic value.
They thought I could help their cause.
I also helped my own.
HYDRA died with the Red Skull.
Cut off one head,
two more shall take its place.
Prove it.
Accessing archive.
HYDRA was founded
on the belief that humanity
could not be trusted
with its own freedom.
What we did not realize
was that if you try
to take that freedom, they resist.
The war taught us much.
Humanity needed to surrender
its freedom willingly.
After the war, S.H.I.E.L.D. was founded,
and I was recruited.
The new HYDRA grew.
A beautiful parasite inside S.H.I.E.L.D.
For 70 years,
HYDRA has been secretly
feeding crisis, reaping war,
and when history did not cooperate,
history was changed.
That's impossible.
S.H.I.E.L.D. would have stopped you.
Accidents will happen.
HYDRA created a world so chaotic
that humanity is finally ready
to sacrifice its freedom
to gain its security.
Once a purification process is complete,
HYDRA's new world order will arise.
We won, Captain.
Your death amounts
to the same as your life.
A zero sum.
As I was saying...
What's on this drive?
Project Insight requires insight.
So, I wrote an algorithm.
What kind of algorithm?
What does it do?
The answer to your
question is fascinating.
Unfortunately, you shall be
too dead to hear it.
Steve, we got a bogey.
Short range ballistic.
- 30 seconds tops.
- Who fired it?
S.H.I.E.L.D.
I am afraid I have been stalling, Captain.
Admit it.
It's better this way.
We are, both of us,
out of time.
Uh...
Sorry.
Lady?
Is this, uh...
Thank you.
Nice haircut. It suits you.
Nice watch.
Yeah. A limited edition.
Oh, I don't doubt it.
Well, have a good evening.
Excuse me.
Mrs Davis?
Mind if I join you?
Free country.
Sure is.
All right.
Where would you like to start?
I just want to say,
I'm sorry about your loss.
I want to know
what you think happened.
Look, I brought your damn file.
You take it, go.
Whatever was in here,
he wanted no part of it.
Clearly, you're waiting
for someone else. Huh?
Supposed to meet someone here?
Yeah.
Mrs Davis,
your son didn't kill himself.
I guarantee you, he didn't kill anyone.
Someone used him.
What?
As a weapon.
You're not the person
that called me after all, are you?
Actually, I am.
Hey, hey, hey!
What's all this about?
What the hell is going on here?
It's called an arrest.
Sheriff, is it?
Yes, ma'am, it is. And you are?
Homeland Security. We good here?
No, we're not "good."
I need a little more information
than that.
Well, I think it's a little above
your pay grade, Sheriff.
Yeah?
Well, why don't you
get on the horn
to Nashville and, uh, upgrade me?
All right. You know what?
I was hoping to do this the smart way,
but, uh, the fun way is always good.
Deputy, get this woman out of...
Hey, hot wings, you want to party?
Come on, you and me, let's go.
- Crazy, huh?
- Yep.
Watch this.
You walked right into this one.
I've dated hotter chicks than you.
That's all you got?
A cheap trick and a cheesy one-liner?
Sweetheart, that could be
the name of my autobiography.
- Let me go!
- Help me!
Anyway.
Hey, kid,
what would you like for Christmas?
Mr Stark, I am so sorry.
No, no, no.
I think he was trying to say,
"I want my goddamn file."
It's not your fault, kid.
Remember what I told you
about bullies?
You like that, Westworld?
That's the thing about smart guys,
we always cover our ass.
Ah!
The throne of Asgard is destroyed!
To the king!
Frigga.
Stand down, creature,
and you may still survive this.
I have survived worse, woman.
Who are you?
I am Malekith.
And I would have what is mine.
You have taken something, child.
Give it back.
Witch!
Where is the Aether?
I'll never tell you.
I believe you.
No!
You're welcome.
For what? Did I miss something?
Me, saving your life.
Yeah. A, I saved you first.
B, thanks. Sort of.
And C, if you do someone a solid,
don't be a yutz.
All right? Just play it cool.
Otherwise you come off grandiose.
Unlike you?
Admit it, you need me.
We're connected.
What I need is for you to go home,
be with your mom,
keep your trap shut, guard the suit,
and stay connected to the telephone
because if I call,
you better pick up. Okay?
Can you feel that? We're done here.
Move out of the way,
or I'm gonna run you over.
Bye, kid.
I'm sorry, kid.
You did good.
So, now you're just gonna
leave me here, like my dad?
Yeah.
Wait, you're guilt-tripping me,
aren't you?
I'm cold.
I can tell.
You know how I can tell?
Because we're connected.
It was worth a shot.
Why were you
at the house tonight?
What was so important
that you had to speak to Tony?
I think that my boss
is working for the Mandarin.
So, if you still want to talk about it
I suggest that we get
ourselves someplace safe.
Your boss works for the Mandarin,
you think?
But Tony says you're a botanist. So...
That figures. What I actually am
is a biological DNA coder
running a team of 40
out of a privately funded think tank.
But sure, you can call me a botanist.
This boss of yours,
does he have a name?
Yeah, Aldrich Killian.
Well, we took the house down,
sir. But there's no sign of a body.
- Mmm-hmm. I see.
- No Stark.
I have to go.
The master is about to record
and he's a little...
Well, you know how he gets.
Keep your appointment tonight
and call me when it's done.
All right, everybody.
No talking and no eye contact.
Unless you want to get shot in the face.
Report in.
Path is clear.
The master is travelling.
Well, then, what are we waiting for?
Call in the asset.
I'm going to go, Mr. Pierce.
You need anything before I leave?
No... It's fine, Renata, you can go home.
Okay. Night-night.
Good night.
Want some milk?
The timetable has moved.
Our window is limited.
Two targets, Level Six.
They already cost me Zola.
I want confirmed death in 10 hours.
Sorry, Mr. Pierce, I...
I forgot my
phone.
Renata, I wish you would have knocked.